that's like makes six I think you know
if if been asking can really hang with
Jordan borough still dude I
yeah insane cuz everybody who rolls with
them I've never I've never even clinched
with them but everybody who's done
everything with him the closest I came
to a clinch is like that hug you do when
you hug a dude over under a little bit
just to feel it out but they say that
it's like he's got four arms
they say dude it's ridiculous I've heard
tell me Thomas the same dude it's
ridiculous like it doesn't even make
sense poly wops world champions we all
know ya just rank those people that's
how good his wrestling is I mean if you
see that fight with Robbie Lawler the
fucking bombs that guy took it's fucked
up and the fact that he still figured
out a way to get a hold of Robbie Lars
neck he still figured out a way to get
him into that head like once and Robbie
knew he wanted to clinch with him he
couldn't keep him on I was sweating in
that place you and I hide boobs so much
I was like a please don't get starts in
the first round it's still super
controversial ending to me what you had
her bond what'd he say
well herb said that it first of all Herb
Dean is the shit nice guy couldn't be
nicer great guy but I love his
perspective so laid back in need his ego
is so healthy like the when he talks
about things like you don't see any it's
very reasoned like a way he approaches
thing but he's just like chilled out and
he's like very self-deprecating and
chilled out about it but he had a very
good point he was like that's not just a
manipulation of the neck like in terms
of like cutting off the carotid artery
cuz like this is a manipulation of the
spine it's like a bit of a neck crank
and you think about that he was talking
about like you look how he's got ahold
of the head and how it's he goes the
real what I'm concerned with is if
someone's going unconscious from some
nerve shit oh wow yeah from a neck crank
like apparently he had seen a guy who
had got neck crank like that and then
afterwards the guy couldn't walk he like
couldn't move it came back but for
moments but for moments he couldn't move
we don't think about like exactly yeah
exactly that's why he's Herb Dean he's
the gold standard he's the gold standard
speak John McCarthy and him and Big John
doesn't do it anymore
so it's a hurt so it's horribly Ambrose
and just that when you think about and
Askren says what he says is that you see
that's nasty dude that looks terrible
that's nasty
with the way he's holding on to the head
like that and and cranking your neck I
like that they're not very bad position
I like that UFC went now all right we're
good yeah I like that
i it I want to see it again I like
disagree I think that um I agree with
her stoppage and I see that the arm went
limp but then the thumb came up but then
as soon as he let go Robbie jumped up
Guzman had me convinced that Robbie was
never out but herb had me convinced that
it was too dangerous for him to allow to
continue once the arm dropped in that
weird way so do you side with her you
have to side with her yeah and that's a
expert you have to side with her because
he's right because that is a special
circumstance see I looked at it in terms
of and I didn't even consider this when
I was talking to mom that I looked at it
in terms of it's just a choke yeah you
know it's a neck crank me too so but
still let's see it again I'd like to see
it max so I think if they both win
because asking miles for doll no that
doesn't get your dick hard
I'll ask her in Moscow dolls and then it
lets say Askren wins that which is tough
fight to win it's a tough and then say
Woodley and Lawler saying longer ones at
then they fighting it's even bigger